---------------------------------------------------------------------------
This is a searchable index. Enter search keywords:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

AWK Source Code Repository

All Of The Files Listed Here Are Avaiable For FTP via:
ftp.mbnet.mb.ca/pub/natewild/awk

ChangeCase is a standard AWK, GNU Copylefted function for converting the
case of a string to either upper or lower case. It was written by
bergman@panix.com

CheckData is a standard AWK, GNU Copylefted function for checking data for
a specified type and length. It was written by bergman@panix.com.

CheckPassword is a standard AWK, GNU Copylefted function for specified
username in local /etc/passwd and system-wide passwd. It was written by
bergman@panix.com.

Date2Date is a standard AWK, GNU Copylefted function for converting a
date(1) format date into an American MM/DD/YY format. It was written by
bergman@panix.com.

Date2YYMMDD is a slightly modified version of this function which converts
date(1) to the Canadian/International format YY/MM/DD.

DateToWeekDay is a standard AWK, (possible mawk extensions), program to
compute the weekday given the date.

Hour2Dec is a standard AWK, GNU Copylefted function for converting HH:MM to
hours and a decimal minute portion. i.e. It will convert 1 hour 30 minutes
to 1.5 hours. It was written by bergman@panix.com.

MakeFit is a standard AWK, GNU Copylefted function which breaks test lines
so they fit in the specified length. It was written by bergman@panix.com.

FromToday.awk is a standard AWK program which when passed an integer
returns the date (and day) in that many days. i.e. On Dec Mon DEC 24th "awk
-f FromToday 1" would yeild "Tue December 25th".

UncompressUPC..awk is a standard AWK function which when passed a
compressed (6 digit) UPC Code will uncompress it using the ISO rules and
return the fill 10 digit code...

PCL_Printer.awk is a collection of standard AWK programs written originally
for GAWK. These functions provide font and printer control using Hewlett
Packard's PCL page description langu age... Written ba B. Clarke, and
modified for complete portability by N. Wild...

SQL_Functions.awk is a collection of standard AWK functions for performing
SQL operations in AWK. These were originally written for GAWK, but will
work with AL standard AWKs. Written by A. Groom, B.Clarke & N. Wild...

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

For More Information, Or To Correct Any Invalid Information, Please Send
Mail To: Nathan T. Wild (natewild@mbnet.mb.ca).
